Add PPP (#245)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp: docs/team/zognin.md

title: Geng Ning's Project Portfolio Page
---

## Project: BobTheBistroBoss

### Overview

BobTheBistroBoss (BTBB) is a desktop application for home chefs to manage their orders and inventory,
optimized for use via a command line interface (CLI).

### Summary of Contributions

* **New Feature**: Implemented commands to add and delete ingredients of an order. (Pull request [#92](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp/pull/92)).

>   * What it does: Allows the user to add and delete ingredients of an order.

Reviewer: Would it look nicer to bold these?

<img width="350" alt="Screenshot 2021-11-02 at 2 32 10 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77243938/139797561-19984417-df2b-47a2-9f23-03e95b93a9f8.png">

Author: Yup

  * Justification: Each order has a list of ingredients.

>     Users may want to change one ingredient in the list without affecting other ingredients.

Reviewer: I think this sounds better
```suggestion
    Users may want to change one ingredient in the list without having to enter in all the other ingredients again.
```

  * Implemented the overall GUI such as styling and tabs. (Pull request [#66](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp/pull/66)).

* **Review/mentoring contributions**:
  * PRs reviewed: [#69](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp/pull/69),
    [#84](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp/pull/84),
    [#120](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp/pull/120),
    [#159](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp/pull/159).
  * Planned tasks and facilitated task distribution.

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Added some recipe features. (Pull Request [#156](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp/pull/156)).
    * Updated feature overview. (Pull Request [#233](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp/pull/233)).
  * Developer Guide:
    * Added user stories. (Pull Request [#78](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp/pull/78)).
    * Added implementation details for the switching of tabs and editing of ingredients in orders/ recipes. (Pull Request [#158](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp/pull/158)).
    * Added some manual testing instructions. (Pull Request [#239](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp/pull/239)).

> * **Community**:

Reviewer: Do you think bugs found during ped can be counted here?

something like this?
<img width="910" alt="Screenshot 2021-11-02 at 2 29 07 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77243938/139797020-f7efb8d1-ca90-4fb6-97cc-618439f5e72d.png">

Author: I think can, but I don't want to include it for my PPP
